title: Scope
link: http://52.55.189.73/2016/10/03/scope/
author: angyixin
description: 
post_id: 114
created: 2016/10/03 05:37:17
created_gmt: 2016/10/03 05:37:17
comment_status: closed
post_name: scope
status: publish
post_type: post

# Scope

To illustrate scope There is **global** and **local** scope. The variable declared outside of any functions can be accessed anywhere, even inside functions. It is a global variable. Variables defined inside a function are local variables. They cannot be accessed outside of that function. 
    
    
    var my_number = 7; //this has global scope
    
    function timesTwo(number){
      var my_number = number * 2; //this has functional scope 
        console.log("Inside the function my_number is: ");
        console.log(my_number);
    } ;
    
    timesTwo(7);
    
    console.log("Outside the function my_number is: ")
    console.log(my_number);

Another example 
    
    
    //These are global variables - declared outside of the function, 
    // the console can show it without calling function
    
    var buildingAddress = '150 E 14th St, New York, NY';
    var buildingLaundryCode = 4927;
    var buildingPhone = '(481) 516-2342';
     
    function myApartment() {
      //these are functional local variables, declared within the function.
    	var myCoffeeMaker = 'Aeropress';
    	var myCloset = 'Extra coats in the back';
    	var myRefridgerator = 'Filled with veggies and dark chocolate.';
    	var myDog = 'Nikko';
      //to print it, need to have the console.log within the function to show.
      console.log( 'local: ' + myDog + myCoffeeMaker + myRefridgerator + myCloset);
    }
    
    myApartment();
     
    console.log("**Apartment Building Information**");
    console.log("Laundry code: " + buildingLaundryCode + "\nPhone: " + buildingPhone + "\nMailing address: " + buildingAddress);
    
    console.log('anything after this, no output');
    
    console.log( 'global:' + myDog + myCoffeeMaker + myRefridgerator + myCloset); 
    
    // this will not have output.